Entervo Checkout Plugin End User License Agreement
(entervo Checkout Plug-In EULA)
(Version 12/2017)

This entervo checkout EULA describes the terms and conditions under which the Scheidt & Bachmann (hereinafter referred to as “S&B”) 
provides a native checkout plugin for Android and IOS Apps existing of a configuration web service, the plugin software artefact with 
checkout functionality and  an associated app gateway service connecting to the S&B parking management software entervo including instructions 
and documentation, (hereinafter referred to as “entervo Checkout Service”) is licensed and provided to the purchaser of the service (“Customer”).
 
The following conditions apply in addition to the terms and conditions set out in the offer and/or order confirmation issued by S&B or any 
authorized Contractor, as applicable, (hereinafter referred to as “Provider”). 
By use of the entervo Checkout Service, Customer accepts the following terms and conditions: 
1.	
Subject to the payment of any and all license fees, Customer is granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicenseable, 
limited license to use the entervo Checkout Service for the purpose of integrating or accessing the S&B software via the plugin and 
app gateway in order to add additional functionalities, here check-out. 
The license is limited to the usage of the entervo Checkout Service stated in the offer/order confirmation. 
2.	
The license is limited to the term of one (1) year starting from the date of order confirmation. The term is automatically renewed for further twelve (12) months 
if not terminated by Customer or Provider with three (3) months’ prior written notice to the end of a term. 
3.	
The fee payable for the entervo Checkout Service entails (i) a one-time implementation fee per integration of the entervo Checkout Service, 
(ii) a yearly license fee per entervo Checkout Service and (iii) a transaction-based fee. In case of large customers, the transaction-based fee shall be replaced 
by a yearly license fee payable by the holding company of the large customer subject to a framework agreement to be concluded between the holding company and S&B. 
4.	
Customer acknowledges that all Intellectual Property Rights in and to S&B’s software including interfaces are and shall remain sole and absolute property of S&B, 
and that no right, license or permission is granted or right, title or interest is transferred in respect of S&B’s software, except for the license expressly 
stated in this EULA. Customer further acknowledges that no other licenses or rights in any of S&B’s intellectual property rights are granted hereunder, for example 
no rights are granted to use S&B’s trademarks and logos. For the avoidance of doubt, the S&B license granted under this EULA only extends to the usage of the 
entervo Checkout Service and not the source code of the S&B software. 
5.	
Customer acknowledges that no Intellectual Property Rights will be transferred in relation to Third Party Software. All Third Party Software Licenses shall be licensed 
on terms and conditions as the respective third party software manufacturer specifies. Customer acknowledges and agrees to comply with any and all end user license 
conditions of Third Party Software Licenses. Provider shall have no liability in respect of losses or damages resulting from Third Party Software or by any failure of 
Customer to use the Third Party Software in accordance with the Third Party Software Licenses. 
6.	
Customer must not modify, edit, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, create derivative works or copy S&B’s software, unless explicitly required by law, 
and the Customer agrees to exercise diligent care in protecting the S&B’s software. Customer must not delete any copyright notices or trademark labels and affix 
the same to any permitted copies. Customer must not circumvent or delete any copy protection. 
7.	
Customer must not use the entervo Checkout Services in any manner that does or could potentially undermine the security of the entervo Checkout Services or 
parking sites or any S&B provided service, such as transmitting any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, build bot network, Denial of Service attacks or any items of
a destructive nature. 
8.	
Customer is obliged to apply reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to the entervo Checkout Services and apply best security practices to prevent attacks and
data breaches during using or accessing the entervo Checkout Services. This includes frontline defense, intrusion detections and regular network scans, hardening of 
Customer’s application/service according to best practices, for example OWASP, and a maintained security management. 
9.	
Customer must not use the entervo Checkout Services in connection with any product, unauthorized use, service, application or use (including advertising) that 
promotes or constitutes illegal activity, is adult-themed, contains sexual, violent or criminal content, any kind of discrimination or violates any civil or criminal law. 
10.	
S&B reserves the right to modify, delete, discontinue, update, enhance and/or otherwise change the entervo Checkout Service at any time, with or without notice to 
Customer and in S&B’s sole and exclusive discretion. However, S&B attempts, where applicable, to provide a backward compatibility of the entervo Checkout Service. 
11.	
This EULA (in its latest version) applies to updates, supplements, or add-on components to the entervo Checkout Service that will be provided to Customer after the 
initial date of the licensing of the entervo Checkout Service. In case that new or updated entervo Checkout Services require additional or revised terms and conditions,
these will be provided to Customer with the update notification. 
12.	
Customer will comply with any limitations imposed by Provider on the frequency of access, calls and use of the entervo Checkout Service. In the event of Customer exceeding 
any entervo Checkout Service call volume limitations, Provider may (in its sole discretion) discontinue or limit by throttling or other means Customer’s use of the 
entervo Checkout Service and may also terminate this EULA. 
13.	
Customer agrees that in the event of degradation or instability of the entervo Checkout Service (e.g. resulting from an Internet attack) or in case of an emergency, 
S&B may temporarily suspend Customer’s access to the entervo Checkout Service. 
14.	
S&B reserves the right to monitor or audit Customer’s use of the entervo Checkout Service for any reason or no reason, including ensuring Customer’s compliance with 
the terms and conditions of this EULA. S&B is further entitled to gather, use, and store anonymous statistical data regarding parking transactions, e.g. date and time 
of entering and exiting of the car park, or the parking fee, in order to, inter alia, calculate and evidence the transaction-based fee for the entervo Checkout Service; 
undertake general market analyses; provide the Customer with parking management related analyses; enhance end customer service; optimize parking behavior and traffic flow; 
reduce parking search traffic and Co² emission; integrate smart city concepts; and support autonomous driving and electro mobility. 
15.	
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the entervo Checkout Service is provided and licensed “as is” without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, 
including the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose. Provider does not warrant that the functions contained in the 
entervo Checkout Service will meet Customer’s requirements or that the operation of the entervo Checkout Service will be entirely error free, appear or perform precisely 
as described in the accompanying documentation, or comply with regulatory requirements. 
16.	
If any modifications are made by Customer or any third party to S&B’s software or Third Party Software during the term of software warranty and/or maintenance obligations 
without S&B's prior written consent, any warranty and/or maintenance obligations by Provider (if any) become immediately void. The same applies in case of improper use of 
S&B’s software or Third Party Software, in particular in case of use contradictory to this EULA. 
17.	
Provider shall have no liability in respect of losses or damages resulting from (i) use or failure to use the entervo Checkout Service by Customer; (ii) imperfect or 
incomplete instructions or documentation; (iii) insufficient testing by Customer of the S&B universal interface integration; or (iv) a violation of this EULA or Third Party 
Software License conditions. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Provider is not liable for (i) any loss or damage, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special, 
punitive or consequential; or (ii) any loss of profit, revenue, data or data use, business interruption or business reputation; arising out of the use or inability to use the 
entervo Checkout Service, even if Provider has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage. In no event shall Provider’s liability exceed the amount that Customer 
paid to Provider for the use of the entervo Checkout Service under this EULA. 
18.	
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless, and (upon Provider’s request) defend Provider from any and all claims, losses, 
liabilities, damages, taxes, expenses and costs, including without limitation, attorneys’ and court fees, incurred by Provider and arising from or related to (i) Customer’s 
breach of any term or condition of this EULA or Third Party Software License; or (ii) any claim that Customer’s use of the entervo Checkout Service violates or infringes any 
third party intellectual property or proprietary rights. 
19.	
Customer agrees to keep any confidential information, i.e. any information that, by its nature, would reasonably be considered to be confidential or proprietary to S&B, 
disclosed by Provider in relation to the entervo Checkout Service, including but not limited to any S&B universal interfaces, any logon credentials and entervo Checkout Service 
keys or tokens, strictly confidential for as long as permitted under applicable law. Customer must not disclose confidential information to any third party. If involvement of a 
third party is required for Customer’s development or integration, disclosure to such third party is subject to S&B’s prior written authorization which will be given upon the 
third party signing a Non-Disclosure Agreement with S&B. 
20.	
Customer will protect the confidential information from unauthorized use, dissemination, or publication by using the same degree of care as Customer would use to protect its 
own confidential information, but no less than a reasonable degree of care. Unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information may cause Provider irreparable harm; 
therefore, Provider will have the right to enforce this EULA and any of its provisions by injunctive or other equitable relief. 
21.	
Customer must not assign any of the rights granted under this EULA without S&B's prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld). 
22.	
Customer warrants to maintain and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, in particular with regard to applicable data privacy policies. Customer must only use 
information for the purpose expressly authorized by the end user of the service offered by the Customer. 
23.	
The usage of S&B provided sample integrations of the entervo Checkout Service is solely restricted to demonstration purpose, limited to 60 days after authorization by S&B and 
subject to S&B’s prior written authorization which will be given upon the third party or Customer signing a Non-Disclosure Agreement with S&B.

Scheidt & Bachmann GmbH, a company with registered office at Breite Straße 132, 41238 Moenchengladbach, Germany, HRB 2125 register court

© 2017 Scheidt & Bachmann GmbH, Germany

